Add intra-site link instructions to docs (#2276)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/devGuide/development/workflow.md

</div>

## Documenting

> #### Adding Intra-Site Links to Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding Intra-Site Links to Documentation
```

Due to the way MarkBind's documentation is deployed, links from the developer guide that refer to the user guide, or vice versa, have to be differentiated with <a tags="environment--combined" href="/userGuide/tweakingThePageStructure.html#plugin-tags">tags</a><a tags="environment--dg" href="https://markbind.org/userGuide/tweakingThePageStructure.html#plugin-tags">tags</a>. Intra-site links within the developer guide or user guide need not have tags. MarkBind's documentation currently has 3 tags:

- `environment--combined` for deploying the User Guide and Developer Guide together
- `environment--ug` for deployed User Guide
- `environment--dg` for deployed Developer Guide

Tags allow you to selectively filter content when building a site. Using them with the links helps to filter the correct link to be rendered for the right environment, ensuring that the correct link is created.

> ##### Developer Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Developer Guide
```

%%LINK:%%
```markdown
[Link Title](/userGuide/newPage.html)
```

%%REPLACED WITH:%%
```html
<a tags="environment--combined" href="/userGuide/newPage.html">Link Title</a>
<a tags="environment--dg" href="https://markbind.org/userGuide/newPage.html">Link Title</a>
```

> ##### User Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### User Guide
```

> Tags allow you to selectively filter content when building a site. Using them with the links helps to filter the correct link to be rendered for the right environment, ensuring that the correct link is created. When the User Guide and Developer Guide are deployed together, both guides have access to the files from the other, allowing the relative link to work. However, when they are deployed individually, this is not the case. Using absolute links creates the same effect as the relative link without having to have access to the files from the other guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure that correct links are created, use tags with the links to selectively filter the correct link to be rendered for the right environment. When both the User Guide and the Developer Guide are deployed together, they have access to the files from each other, allowing the relative link to work. However, when they are deployed individually, this is not the case. Using absolute links creates the same effect as the relative link without having to have access to the files from the other guide.
```
